Add nutrition facts for OIE files (#2560)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-sign-in-soc-idp/main/index.md

<StackSelector class="cleaner-selector"/>

This guide covers the sequence of steps on how you can build your app to allow users to sign in with the Facebook social Identity Provider by using the Sign-In Widget.

 Nutrition Facts                                                                          |                                                                                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  | -------------------------------------------------------------------------               |

> | Learning outcomes                     | <ul><li>Set up your app to support sign-in with Facebook IdP use cases by using the Widget.</li></ul>                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Learning outcomes                     | Set up your app to support the sign-in flow with Facebook IdP use cases by using the Widget.                                                      |
```

<StackSelector class="cleaner-selector"/>

This guide covers the sequence of steps on how you can build your app to allow users to sign in with the Facebook social Identity Provider by using the Sign-In Widget.

---
**Learning outcomes**
Set up your app to support the sign-in flow with Facebook IdP use cases by using the Widget.

**What you need**
* [Okta org already set up for a social IdP use case](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/-/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-a-social-idp-use-case)
* [SDK, Sign-In Widget, and sample app](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/), downloaded and set up

**Sample code**
n/a
---

>  Nutrition Facts                                                                          |                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: This one still has the old style table in it.

Author: Fixed
